{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1582960}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\author Andy}
{\operator Andy}{\creatim\yr2004\mo6\dy3\min25}{\revtim\yr2004\mo6\dy3\min26}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords504}{\nofchars2876}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws3374}{\vern16437}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot1582960 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs44\ul\insrsid1582960 R2 type Astromech unit
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\insrsid1582960 Author: Andy Crook
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\insrsid1582960 Date: June 2004}{\b\f1\fs22\insrsid1582960 
\par Contact: andrewcrook@hotmail.com
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs44\ul\insrsid1582960 
\par }{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par This LW archive contains a few simple example scenes of how the model might be used. The included scenes are:
\par 
\par 
\par 2 leg setup
\par 2 leg setup exploded view
\par 3 leg setup
\par 2 leg to 3 leg transition and drive away
\par }{\f1\insrsid1582960 2 leg flying view
\par }{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par The scene setup is quite complex, with a lot of layers to control. At the top of the hierarchy is }{\b\f1\insrsid1582960 R2D2 Control null}{\f1\insrsid1582960 , which can be used to move the unit around.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\insrsid1582960 Head:}{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par 
\par The head has 4 top flaps which swing upwards, revealing internal sections. There is also the sensor eye, which rises directly upwads using 
a fifth flap, and the sixth flap contains an animatable eyepiece. The front and rear eyepieces are also animatable by rotation. There is a radar unit contained within one of the internal sections of the head. The head as a unit can rise upwards from the b
ody and reveal the telescoping neck structure - see "2 leg exploded view" for an example. 
\par 
\par The eye has a colour envelope changing it from green to blue every 60 frames.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\insrsid1582960 Main Body:}{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par 
\par The main body contains many panels which can rotate outwards both on the front and the rear. These can reveal the tools that the unit can use. The tools are housed within the main body and can easily be keyframed to move through the gaps in the paneling o
nce the panels are open.
\par 
\par The basic tools are the Welding arm, Computer interface, Ewok Electrocutor and the magnetic pulling grapple.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\insrsid1582960 Legs:}{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par 
\par The legs contain the thruster housings and the thrusters themselves. The exploded view shows how these parts all 
move together to reveal the thruster. The thruster itself uses automatic braces which need not be animated - just the main thruster needs to be keyframed in this instance. The feet are parented to the legs and are easily positioned.
\par 
\par The centre 'ankle' and foot are parented to the main body, and can be revealed during a 2 leg to 3 leg transition, an example of this is given.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\insrsid1582960 Colour Schemes:
\par 
\par }{\f1\insrsid1582960 This is a versatile astromech unit which can be re-surfaced in a variety of ways to produce different coloured unit
s. This can be done partly though LW surface settings and the supplied textures themselves. The supplied textures are .jpg's, which are created from master .psp files. These are quite large and will be available as a separate download. To alter a colour s
c
heme simply adust the base colour of the psp images, and remake the corresponding .jpg images. The coloured sections on the legs, front prongs ans small parts of the main body are controlled by the surface 'Blue Parts'. An example render of a red unit is 
given, as well as a mixed colour scheme.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\insrsid1582960 Legal:}{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par 
\par 
\par This archive is being distributed as FREEWARE.  The declaration of freeware implies that the modeler holds all original copyrights to the model, but is allowing others the free use of this model under the following terms and conditions.
\par 
\par 1.  The model is provided free of charge.
\par 2.  Any forthcoming productions, animations, or artwork created using this model must contain credits.
\par 3.  This document MUST accompany the distribution of this archive.
\par 4.  This document MUST remain UNALTERED throughout distribution.
\par 5.  This model is provided free for public use, but only for as long as the author wishes.
\par 
\par This model was created solely for personal and recreational use, and is not intended as a profit making device.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\ul\insrsid1582960 
\par 
\par }{\f1\insrsid1582960 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid1582960 
\par }}